[docs] Add runtime config for DR and update order of alters/drop index (#21660)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/yugabyte-platform/back-up-restore-universes/disaster-recovery/disaster-recovery-setup.md

## Prerequisites

> Enable the Disaster Recovery feature by [turning on the runtime configuration](../../../manage-runtime-config/) `yb.xcluster.dr.enabled`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, xCluster Disaster Recovery is not enabled. To enable the feature, set the **Enable disaster recovery** Global Configuration option to true. Refer to [Manage runtime configuration settings](../../../administer-yugabyte-platform/manage-runtime-config/). Note that only a Super Admin user can modify Global configuration settings.

### Create universes
```
